♪ As soon as you are able ♪
♪ Woman, I am willing ♪
♪ To make the break
That we are on the brink of ♪
♪ My cup is on the table ♪
♪ My love is spilling ♪
♪ Waiting here
For you to take and drink of ♪
♪ So if you're tired
Of the same old story ♪
♪ Oh, turn some pages ♪
♪ I'll be here when you are ready ♪
♪ To roll with the changes ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ I knew it had to happen ♪
♪ Felt the tables turning ♪
♪ Got me through my darkest hour ♪
♪ I heard the thunder clapping ♪
♪ Felt the desert burning ♪
♪ Until you poured on me
Like a sweet sun-shower ♪
♪ So if you're tired
Of the same old story ♪
♪ Oh, turn some pages ♪
♪ I'll be here when you are ready ♪
♪ To roll with the changes ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Keep on rolling ♪
♪ Ooh… ♪
Looking good.
♪ Keep on rolling… ♪
Hey.
♪ Keep on rolling ♪
Aw.
Do you hear that?
I mean, do you…
That is the sweet, sweet sound
of no more karate wars.
This is what happens
when you take down Terry Silver.
When I did it back in '85,
we got, like, 30 years of peace.
Well, here's to 30 more.
Unless he finds a way
to get the charges dropped.
Hey, hey. His reputation is ruined.
No one's gonna fight
for that guy ever again.
- Amanda, we are in the clear.
Hmm. Right.
Unless you-know-who decides
to jump out of the shadows.
Listen, if Kreese is dumb enough
to show his face around here,
there's gonna be an army of US Marshals
waiting to take him back to prison.
Amanda?
We won.
Let's enjoy it.
With Sam applying to college
and Anthony starting high school,
is now really the best time to be entering
the kids in a world karate tournament?
Silver wanted to use the Sekai Taikai
to spread Cobra Kai worldwide.
But now, if we win, kids around the world
are gonna wanna join Miyagi-Do.
So karate is gonna be
a rest-of-our-lives kind of thing.
Don't worry. After this tournament,
my full-time sensei days are over.
- Oh.
This tournament is my karate swan song.
And what better way to go out
than by sharing
Mr. Miyagi's wisdom with the world.
-
Eagle Fang's going global, boys.
Once we win the Sekai Taikai,
people are gonna be lining up
to put fangs on their backs.
We're gonna need a second location,
hundreds of gis,
a training room
with a couple of those ice baths.
Isn't that a little aggressive?
Hell, yeah. Gotta have ice in your veins
to take over the karate game.
What does Mr. LaRusso think of this?
You're supposed to be going 50-50, right?
If LaRusso wants to open up
a couple more dojos, he can be my guest.
At the end of the day,
people are gonna have to decide
if they wanna learn karate
from a car salesman or an actual sensei.
Uh, I think you missed the turn.
Miyagi-Do is back that way.
Nope. Gotta make sure
you guys don't go soft on me.
We may be a combined dojo,
but we're Eagles where it counts.
So before we go singing kumbaya
in Miyagi's backyard,
we're headed to the warehouse
to break some bricks.
- Can you give me another?
Yeah. More tape, it is.
You don't need to have a dojo
to be a dojo, right?
Right.
Hey, hey, hey, gang's all here.
Oh, look,
it's Benedict Penis Breath.
Come on. I said I'm sorry a billion times.
I swear, no more heel turns.
Pretty sweet, right?
I got, like, 30 of these.
You have to buy in bulk
if you wanna make sense of the pricing.
You got an XL?
You know I do.
Come here, man.
I feel bad for sensei.
He really loved that dojo.
Yeah. At least Miyagi-Do
is alive and well.
We don't have to deal
with Cobra Kai anymore,
and now we're all one big karate family.
Yeah.
Well, most of us.
Look, it took a while for you and me
to figure our shit out, but… we got there.
Sam and Tory only recently
stopped hating each other.
Hopefully, they'll be friends someday.
Maybe we just need
to do something to jumpstart it.
Great. Why don't you
take half the students,
bring 'em out on the sparring deck?
You can--
You have a hose?
Decent chance
someone took a leak on this stuff.
Why are you bringing that here?
It's all that's left
of my demolished dojo.
Oh, Johnny, I'm sorry.
Anyway, got any lighter fluid? I came up
with a new lesson on the drive over.
I call it
"Out of the Frying Pan, Into the Fire."
So I'm gonna need a frying pan too.
No. Today is my lesson.
- What? I thought it was my day.
- Yep, it was.
But Chozen came up with an exercise
that'll bring the new students up to speed
and I thought
we could just do yours tomorrow.
Maybe after you run it by me first.
- Since when do I run shit by you?
- Since it might burn down the house.
Uh, Sensei, Sensei, Sensei.
We'll start in a minute, guys.
Actually, um, we've got something
we wanna show you before training.
It's been a long road,
but we're finally all on the same side.
And as a reward?
The toughest test
any of us have ever had to face.
The Sekai Taikai is
the most prestigious karate tournament
in modern martial arts history.
For over a century,
fighters from across the globe
have gathered every two years
to compete for the title of World's Best.
If the All Valley is March Madness,
this is the Olympics,
plus the gladiator games and the kumite
from Bloodsport all rolled into one.
- Yeah.
- If we win--
Excuse me.
When we win,
the spoils will be life-changing.
But it's gonna take
all of our focus
and all the wisdom
our senseis have to offer.
Yes, which is why we decided to take
at least one thing off your plates.
- Coming up with our new dojo name.
- Yes!
After some spirited brainstorming
and ad hoc focus-grouping,
and also a dojo-wide vote,
we have a winner.
We give you…
Miyagi Fang Karate!
We're not using that logo.
Mr. Miyagi was the most generous
and honorable man I ever knew.
I'm not gonna stain his legacy
by turning him into some karate vampire.
All right. Don't give yourself a hernia.
There's gotta be some compromise.
How about, uh, Eagle-Do Fang?
Come on, Johnny.
Your compromise is just your dojo name.
It's got your "Do" in there.
Enough!
No compromise.
Miyagi-Do has honor, tradition.
Eagle Fang has beak with teeth
and no place to train.
Miyagi-Do is the only choice.
Says who, Toguchi? You haven't been here
long enough to get a vote.
Been here long enough to fight Silver.
You fought one guy while I took on five.
My one guy had a Samurai sword.
So did one of my guys.
You don't hear me bitching about it.
All right, come on. The two of you
fighting isn't gonna solve this.
Fight is exactly how we solve this.
You, me, on the mat.
Winner will name dojo.
Or have I not been here long enough
to kick your ass?
No one is fighting.
- Okay? We need to focus on the kids.
- Kids will never find out.
You wanna dance with the eagle, Toguchi?
Cue the music.
It will not be easy listening.
What's it gonna be,
flutes and wind chimes and shit?
Monday, dawn, sparring deck.
I be there.
I be there too.
It's all in the legs.
Yeah, well, congrats
on your rather average leg strength, sir.
All right, who's next?
I'm good.
Me too.
Okay. What about the, uh, batting cages?
I heard there's a new fast pitch.
Sure.
Sounds fun.
For some reason,
I don't think it sounds fun.
It's a double date with my ex and yours,
who's also kind of my nemesis.
So how'd you think it was gonna go?
I didn't think she was your enemy anymore.
I don't know what we are,
but… we're not double-daters.
Whose idea was this?
It was Miguel's idea.
He thought it might help you guys
stop avoiding each other.
I'm not avoiding her.
Okay, fine.
We've been enemies since the day we met.
Now I'm training in her dad's backyard,
learning the exact opposite of everything
I've ever been taught. It's weird.
I'm not even sure
if she even wants to learn Miyagi-Do
or if it's just a way
to get to the Sekai Taikai.
Just give her some time, okay?
She'll come around.
Just give her a chance.
I mean, things are gonna be different
from now on, so…
He's still not talking to you?
No.
I've gotta give it another shot.
He needs to know there's another way
besides the shit Silver was feeding him.
At least here,
he can't send my call to voicemail.
I'm gonna be right back.
This the biggest axe you got?
May I assume you're not gonna use it
on human flesh and bone?
Relax. If I wanted to kill someone,
all I need is this.
That'll make me sleep better.
Let me see what else I have.
What the hell are you doing here?
Nice to see you too.
Carmen told me where you went.
Uh, whoa. Do I wanna know what that's for?
Training. Rocky IV style. Gonna chop down
a tree, carry it through the snow.
All right, no snow, but you get the point.
Okay, what if instead of that,
you, uh, called off the fight?
No chance.
Look, Chozen crossed the line, but it was
in the heat of battle. He didn't mean it.
So we're Eagle Fang, then?
Johnny, come on. Our strength
is we teach both styles equally.
Let's not jeopardize that balance, man.
Right, 'cause nothing
says balance like two against one.
It's…
When Kreese stole Cobra Kai from me,
I had to build Eagle Fang from scratch.
But I made it a real dojo.
Took us to the All Valley,
helped us earn a spot in the Sekai Taikai.
It's not just a name.
It's what it represents.
This one big enough for you?
Now,
that's what I'm talking about.
If Toguchi beats me, fine.
After all I put into Eagle Fang,
I'm not giving up without a fight.
You want someone to back out, talk to him.
Always the bright spot of my day.
He a friend of yours?
I guess.
Well, he's short.
Yeah. I know.
Welcome to Coyote Creek.
Finish him.
- That's not how I taught you to fight.
- It's what Sensei Kreese taught us.
Ooh.
So, I mean, it's our senior year, right?
College right around the corner.
Kinda crazy.
Yeah, I mean,
it does feel just like yesterday
that we were dissecting fetal pigs,
and now we're planning our futures
between training every day.
There are just so many
good schools to choose from.
I… I'm just a little overwhelmed,
if I'm being honest.
It'll be easier
once you've heard back from Stanford.
Fingers crossed.
What about you, Tory?
It's kinda hard to get in anywhere
when you spent almost a year on probation.
Right.
Um…
Whoa, I give up. I give up.
Don't shoot. Don't do it.
Kenny.
Look, I know how hard
this has been on you.
I know it's partly my fault since
I'm the one who made you join Cobra Kai.
As soon as I figured out we were
on the wrong side, I tried to get you out.
Ken--
Hang on, man.
Hang on, please.
There's still time
to let all that old shit go
and join our dojo.
You earned a spot at the Sekai Taikai.
The only way to claim it is with us.
I really think with the right mentors--
He doesn't need your mentors.
Shawn.
You're out. Look, I don't…
I don't know what you heard, but--
I heard enough.
How you brought my little brother
into your karate cult
and then left him there, alone.
I made some mistakes.
- I'm trying to make it up to him now.
- You had your shot.
Now you're gonna leave him be.
Otherwise, me and you
are gonna have a problem. Got it?
You know that guy?
It's Kenny's brother. Met in juvie.
- He told me to leave Kenny alone.
- You're not gonna listen to him, right?
Do whatever you need to do.
We'll have your back.
Okay. We're there for you, man.
Well, that looks… painful.
Strengthen body.
Strengthen resolve.
Well, I'd never doubt either.
I was just hoping maybe we could resolve
this thing with Johnny another way.
Do not worry, Daniel-san.
I will not lose.
I'm not worried you'd lose.
Chozen, I'm worried this is gonna
drive a wedge in our partnership,
and the kids are gonna be
worse off for it.
Look, Johnny's always gonna be Johnny.
I just don't get
why you've been so dug in lately.
You been drinking again?
No more drink.
Dulls senses.
- Cost me fight against Silver.
- Is that what this is about?
Because you showed mercy,
and that monster took advantage?
- That's nothing to be ashamed of.
- I'm not ashamed.
Showing mercy is not a weakness.
I agree. But still,
it left you with 80 stitches in your back.
Maybe you could use a break.
I mean, take a trip back to Okinawa
for a week.
Nothing for me in Okinawa.
What do you mean?
I mean, you got your dojo. Kumiko.
No.
No Kumiko.
That night,
I called Kumiko.
Drunk.
Leave message.
Pour my heart out.
No call back.
Oh, Chozen, I'm sorry.
There must be some explanation for that.
Explanation is clear.
She does not feel same.
Well, I can tell you that fighting Johnny
is not gonna make it any better.
No.
But it will ensure legacy of Miyagi-Do.
That is all I have left.
Pain does not exist
in this dojo, does it?
No, Sensei!
Defeat does not exist
in this dojo, does it?
No, Sensei!
What do we study here?
The way of the fist, sir!
And what is that way?
- What the hell?
- Strike first and hard. No mercy!
I can't hear you.
- Stingray?
- Strike first. Strike hard. No mercy, sir!
- What the hell is this?
- Arianna.
- Yes, Sensei.
- We do not train--
Class, we have a visitor.
I've always wanted to say that.
What the hell's going on, man?
What's going on here is that Colin
and Sasha are doing a heck of a job.
- I--
- Michelle, not now.
Taylor, tie your shoes.
- Yes, Sensei.
- Braden, your mom never called.
A little Bertie…
Bertie, Bert…
Bert told me that you and Mr. LaRusso were
having some big tiff over a dojo name.
So I thought
I'd just show you the solution.
Oh, you running a daycare center?
No.
The solution is you
taking back Cobra Kai.
All right, man. Maybe you're getting
a little too old for this place.
Hey, tell you what.
Next weekend, we hit the strip club.
- You crazy. Come on, man.
- There he is.
Got room for one more?
I heard what you said.
I just need one minute. Please.
Back off, Keene.
Shawn, you know where this is gonna end.
He holds onto this anger,
it's gonna boil over.
- You want him to end up where we did?
- Not your concern.
You understand?
Know what? I'm not sure I do.
The last time we fought, I struck first.
That's not me anymore.
I don't wanna fight.
Shawn.
Let's just go. Come on.
Nah. This'll only take a minute.
Hey!
You heard. We don't wanna fight.
Really?
Out of my way, Nichols.
I don't wanna hit a girl.
That's sweet.
But don't worry.
You won't.
Kenny, you have a place at our dojo.
Everyone has a home at Miyagi-Do.
- It doesn't matter what happened.
- It matters to me.
We're just trying to help you.
That's it, little bro. Let's go.
What? No, no, I'm not going anywhere.
Yes, you are.
Security's coming.
We're done.
Well,
that could have gone better.
- Could have gone worse.
- You picked up Miyagi-Do pretty fast.
Yeah, well, I fought you enough.
I guess some of it must have rubbed off.
Where did all these kids come from?
Oh, yeah.
All I had to do
was wallpaper West Valley Elementary.
Oh, the photo. Yeah. Sorry.
I pulled that from your Facebook page.
Hope you don't mind.
I nearly got myself killed
taking down Cobra Kai.
Why would I bring it back?
Because it's awesome.
Or at least it was
when you were in charge.
Come on, man. I thought you and I
could build up the next gen, you know?
I know they don't look like much,
but it's a good crop. Good prospects.
That kid Braden over there, aka Snots.
Booger. I can't call him that.
His mom emailed me
and said that Revenge of the Nerds
is apparently "problematic,"
and it didn't "age well."
All right, look.
Do what you want. Call it what you want.
But I'm out.
I got a fight to train for.
Hey, uh, when did Johnny Lawrence
become such a pussy?
Sensei!
Sorry. Swear jar, I know.
I owe these kids, like, 40 bucks.
What did you call me?
What? Oh, hey. No. I… I didn't mean it. I…
I kind of did mean it.
'Cause it takes a pussy to walk away.
It takes a man to stay.
And I know that Cobra Kai,
its stock is at, like, an all-time low.
But if you're back at the helm,
if you're in the throne chair,
the students are gonna come, man.
I mean, you're, like,
the whole reason I joined the dojo.
I know what you thought of me back then.
Probably what most people think of me
when they meet me.
But you didn't kick me out.
You let me stay.
And you taught me so much, man.
It got to the point
where I… I started to like myself.
I could look in the mirror.
I could put my chest out.
Like, I… I respected myself.
I… I get that that sounds corny. Right?
No.
Maybe a little.
Okay, but that's what you do
better than any other sensei around.
We still have a spot for Cobra Kai
at the Sekai Taikai.
With all due respect to Mr. LaRusso…
And his smoking hot wife,
by the way. Good God!
…but they can't bring anything
to the table that you don't already know.
You're the sensei, not the student.
He's a car lot guy.
You're Johnny Lawrence!
To win this thing, it's gonna take
a badass dojo and a badass sensei.
And when you win,
you won't have to share it
with anybody else.
But hey, I get why
you joined up with them at first.
It's a means to an end.
Yada, yada, yada. I get it.
But that's their legacy.
Cobra Kai,
that's your legacy, man.
Surprised you got
any gas left in the tank after that.
I'm tired as shit.
Plenty more where that came from.
Yeah, I bet.
Didn't realize you had that kind
of scrap in you though. You got good.
But you still couldn't
get past those girls.
Those guys are all assholes.
Didn't seem like it. They had
open shots but wouldn't take 'em.
Same with Robby and his boy.
What's that tell you?
That they're pussies too?
Okay. We both know that's not true.
And since when do you talk like that?
- Since I learned what the world was like.
- Oh yeah?
And who taught you that?
The ponytail dude they arrested?
He teach you
all that aggro bullshit I saw too?
Not bullshit. It's the way of the fist.
Strike first, strike hard, no mercy.
That has got to be
the dumbest shit I've ever heard.
Maybe whatever karate those guys do
would be good for you.
No, I don't need them.
Gotta listen to my own instincts.
Where's that gotten you lately?
I saw that look in your eyes, K.
I know that look.
It's the same one that landed me in juvie.
You keep going down this road,
that's where you'll end up too.
Or you can learn from my mistakes.
Maybe give Keene another shot too.
You're becoming a man now, okay?
It's time for you to decide
the kind of man that you wanna be.
The kind of man you want Dad
to come home to after his tour.
I don't know who I wanna be, man.
I don't know even who…
I don't even know who I am anymore.
Hey. It's okay, man.
I got you.
We'll figure it out.
Hey. How'd it go
with the pistols-at-dawn duo?
Oh, great.
Both Johnny and Chozen listened to reason
and came to a mature decision.
Oh. That bad, huh?
Maybe you're right.
We should just quit while we're ahead.
We only entered the Sekai Taikai
to stop Silver.
With him gone, what if the pressure
of another tournament
just makes us turn on each other?
Hey, sweetheart.
Hey.
Hey. How was Golf 'N Stuff?
Uh, hit-and-miss.
But here's the twist.
Tory and I actually crossed a bridge
I thought had been burned.
I won't bore you with the details.
Let's just say
that we found some common ground,
and the world better watch out
because now we have two bonsai badasses
ready to kick the competition.
Well, that's a pleasant surprise.
Yeah, and a counterargument
for dropping out of the tournament.
Right.
If those two can get along…
Daniel-san, if you came here
to try and change my mind again--
I haven't.
I'm here to tell you I've changed mine.
I think we have to
let Johnny win this one.
You… you want me to lose fight?
No. I'm saying the fight isn't necessary.
Mr. Miyagi never cared
about tournaments or his legacy.
He cared about teaching karate
the right way.
And we can honor that under any name,
even Eagle Fang.
But Eagle Fang name is stupid.
It doesn't matter.
This is about going to the Sekai Taikai
under a unified banner
without us having a fight over it.
Do you think
we could live with that?
Hai.
Can live.
Ah, should have known, LaRusso.
What? Are you here to ref,
make sure your guy wins?
Relax. I'm just busting your balls.
Don't worry.
I'm not gonna kick your ass either.
I concede.
You… What, you're backing down?
No, I'm conceding. There's a difference.
Look, I've thought a lot about it.
At the end of the day, Eagle Fang
is just another version of Cobra Kai.
Cobra Kai is John Kreese's legacy.
I don't want anything
to do with that asshole ever again.
Plus, working with you guys
has made me a better sensei.
It's made my students stronger.
Our students.
So I don't wanna just teach
offense only anymore.
I wanna do whatever it takes
to help lead Miyagi-Do to victory.
Let's make sure
it's your sensei's legacy that lives on.
Miyagi-Do's lucky to have you, Johnny.
All right. I'm just personally glad
you guys aren't gonna fight.
What do you mean? We're still fighting.
Wait. What? Why?
Why not?
Face me. Bow.
Face each other. Bow.
Ready?
We've been through a lot
to get to this point.
And we're finally on the same page.
We've put aside old rivalries.
And wiped the slate clean.
Now we are all Miyagi-Do.
But it's a new Miyagi-Do.
The strongest we've ever been.
And most badass.
One purpose.
One team.
One dojo.
With a name
steeped in tradition and honor.
And a brand-new patch.
So get your asses ready.
We may have settled things in the Valley,
but now Miyagi-Do's ready
for whatever the world throws at us.
Tell Kim Da-Eun
that Cobra Kai is back.